[Music]
well I'm here at all start 2017 with
coverage presented by HTC eSports joined
by faker himself as well as Holman who's
gonna translate fake her unfortunately I
know just moments ago you lost to the
LPL team can you talk to me a little bit
about what's going through your head
right now
JP Montana and talk on so she can't run
they're simply caught on single happen
in G jump Amanda
okay Tony awesome but when you blow
children and did something cool how they
stood on its own without carry two
single holes so I think that we are
underperformed and I was just going
through all the mistakes he made in the
game and I was also thinking what I can
do to what I should do when I go back to
Korea and prepare for the next play for
the next season I know for many fans
there is a belief that players and teams
did not take this event very seriously
but it seems as though this was very
disappointing for you how how did you
feel about this event event and how hard
were you trying with your team you want
a watch you bent this don't head up on
him cut and told Creek a single cup
hydrogen Tanana guy Sunday he goes to
chew gum had to manage team and put any
point and a you want away it's a Sakshi
team cutting team we also took hidden
gem in money and scream - panting dog
who don't get to walk well
oh you won't tell you been to song and
awajum are such a shame bundle Bernanke
that I hope we don't get a CD who do
Taunton and Sando Sando me ball of
kimijima and yoshio Amir dental surgery
food on me bunny costume them so we
didn't have that much time to practice
we only had the only scrim twice and we
mainly had our own individual practice
and like even though it is just a more
casual event and there is no prize money
but still I think the fans had high
expectations for our team
and the players still failed a lot
pressure to perform well so yeah now I I
know today's a rough day for you but
really quickly I just wanted to touch on
the 1v1 match against bjergsen because I
think it was a really interesting match
for a lot of the fans to watch would you
have any comment on that and did you
have a chance to enjoy that match her
was also tough for you or innumeracy
seemed a personal volatility he resumed
Kurata bashed in there
autopilot areas about kimmykak
introducing Gandhian even Tom
creditability is on Angie got a bow if
they'll come get attention during a 2002
hesitant kidney tumor on Doc well Tom
and endo she made some yoga single
actually I prepared a lot going into the
one 1v1 tournament but overall I guess I
wasn't prepared it well enough and after
I lost I actually felt really really bad
so there are a lot of regrets and
hopefully I can prepare better going to
the next well beyond tournament yeah and
I know that some a decent amount of time
has passed since the end of the World
Championships
well I'm sure that was a tough loss for
you how have you been doing the past
month and a half
well championship weak analogy to
mention on the ball cookers newpaper got
a gay male contestant they could
continue on you hand upon to direct one
or two kitchen agenda
so actually I'm well past our defeat and
I'm past those emotions but I've always
been thinking that how I can overcome
that that loss and how I can perform
better next time before my final
question I just want to thank you faker
so much for doing the interview because
I know that losses can be very tough not
every player wants to do these so it's
very much appreciated
I would also like to ask
if there's anything you have to say to
the fans here at the end of all-stars
here on Picon santa chicken in to be
luminizing what is mine take inaudible
risk we can get capability integrals
chart and a year on created equal vadoma
Garapan bond Turkish must miss my
cemetery wish cool Tommy I don't know
you see me the rock 802 um come get up
they do a column so I want to say sorry
to the fans that I wasn't able to
perform well and I'll prepare better
next time and show once more a better
performance myself thank you so much
faker for the interview thank you
comment for translating for everyone
else you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel